Meta is seeking talented engineers to join our teams in building cutting-edge products, with the mission of connecting billions of people around the world. As a member of our team, you will have the opportunity to work on complex technical problems, build new features, and improve existing products across various platforms, including mobile devices and web applications. Our teams are constantly pushing the boundaries of user experience, and we're looking for passionate individuals who can help us advance the way people connect globally. If you're interested in joining a world-class team and working on exciting projects that have a significant impact, we encourage you to apply.
Software Engineer (University Grad) - Bangalore Responsibilities
Develop a strong understanding of relevant product area, codebase, and/or systems
Demonstrate proficiency in data analysis, programming and software engineering
Produce high quality code with good test coverage, using modern abstractions and frameworks
Work independently, use available resources to get unblocked, and complete tasks on-schedule by exercising strong judgement and problem solving skills
Master Meta’s development standards from developing to releasing code in order to take on tasks and projects with increasing levels of complexity
Actively seek and give feedback in alignment with Meta’s Performance Philosophy
Minimum Qualifications
Currently has, or is in the process of obtaining a Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, relevant technical field, or equivalent practical experience. Degree must be completed prior to joining Meta
Experience coding in an industry-standard language (e.g. Java, Python, C++, JavaScript)
Must obtain work authorization in country of employment at the time of hire, and maintain ongoing work authorization during employment
Preferred Qualifications
Demonstrated software engineering experience from previous internship, work experience, coding competitions, or publications
Currently has, or is in the process of obtaining, a Bachelors or Masters degree in Computer Science or a related field
About Meta
Meta builds technologies that help people connect, find communities, and grow businesses. When Facebook launched in 2004, it changed the way people connect. Apps like Messenger, Instagram and WhatsApp further empowered billions around the world. Now, Meta is moving beyond 2D screens toward immersive experiences like augmented and virtual reality to help build the next evolution in social technology. People who choose to build their careers by building with us at Meta help shape a future that will take us beyond what digital connection makes possible today—beyond the constraints of screens, the limits of distance, and even the rules of physics.
Equal Employment Opportunity
Meta is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. You may view our Equal Employment Opportunity notice here.
Meta is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, fill out the Accommodations request form.